h2. Modern Menu

Modern layout support icons. Icons will be in same folder.

Modern layout contains horizontal toolbars where you can add menus/actions. So toolbar can contain items from  available options. You can further customized that.

You can create many layouts but only one can be active. You have to rename it properly and reload editor i.e. **ModernMenuLayout**

Icon folder contain icons with exactly same name as actions and for menus just append m- in-front of icon. 

# Whitespace will be ignored. After any changes KiWi needs restart.
# JSON must be valid. Use online versions to check and validate
# Available menus and actions can be added into any order in any toolbar.
# Create new toolbars and append or insert in current order. 1_, 2_ shows the position of toolbar.
# Play and Have fun :)

h2. Definitions

# IconName : Current active theme name
# Layouts : Contains list of tool bars
# Options : List for available options

h2. Default Layout


bq. {
        "1_ToolBar" : "actionCut|cut, actionCopy|copy, actionPaste|clipboard, actionZoomIn|searchplus, actionZoomOut|searchminus, actionZoomReset|search, menuFlavours,actionAbout",
            "2_ToolBar" : "menuNew|fileo, actionOpen|folderopeno, menuSave|save, Seperator, actionSelectAll, Seperator,  actionUndo,actionRedo, Seperator, actionFind, actionFindFiles, actionFindNext, actionFindPrevious, actionReplace,actionFindInCurrent",
            "3_ToolBar" : "actionNewProject|file, actionOpenProject|folderopen, actionClearAll|eraser, actionClearAllProjects",
            "4_ToolBar" : "actionDuplicateLineUp|arrowcircleup, actionDuplicateLineDown|arrowcircledown, actionCopyLine, actionCutLine, actionMoveLineUp|arrowcircleoup, actionMoveLineDown|arrowcircleodown",
            "5_ToolBar" : "actionToggleBookmark|bookmarko, actionNextBookmarkCurrent|bookmark, actionPreviousBookmarkCurrent, actionNextBookmark, actionPreviousBookmark",
            "6_ToolBar" : "actionExplorer|columns, actionWelcomeScreen|list, actionStatusBar|square, actionShowTab|folder,actionToolbar, actionOutputWindow,actionPreferences"
        }


h2. Available options

#    Space
#    Seperator
#    actionHide_project
#    actionToggle_work
#    actionPlain
#    actionCSS
#    actionHTML
#    actionJavascript
#    actionPHP
#    actionOpen
#    actionNewProject
#    actionOpenProject
#    actionCloseAll
#    actionCloseOthers
#    actionCopy
#    actionCut
#    actionPaste
#    actionUndo
#    actionRedo
#    actionDuplicate
#    actionOpenLocation
#    actionRenameFile
#    actionDeleteFiles
#    actionOpenFiles
#    actionCutFiles
#    actionCopyFiles
#    actionPasteFiles
#    actionNewFile
#    actionFile
#    actionWordWrap
#    actionExit
#    actionSaveCurrent
#    actionSaveAll
#    actionSaveAs
#    actionSaveAsPDF
#    actionClearAll
#    actionClearAllProjects
#    actionExplorer
#    actionCloseCurrent
#    actionSelectAll
#    actionMinify
#    actionToggleEditor
#    actionToggleGuiEditor
#    actionToggleWebPreview
#    actionParse
#    actionFullscreen
#    actionToolbar
#    actionAbout
#    actionSubmitFeedback
#    actionHelp
#    actionCssReferences
#    actionHTMLReferences
#    actionJavascriptReferences
#    actionXHTMLReferences
#    actionPreferences
#    actionNormalStyle
#    actionInlineStyle
#    actionCustomStyle
#    actionCss21
#    actionCss3
#    actionCss1
#    actionCss2
#    actionWelcomeScreen
#    actionFind
#    actionFindFiles
#    actionFindNext
#    actionFindPrevious
#    actionReplace
#    actionOutputWindow
#    actionFindInCurrent
#    actionLess
#    actionSQL
#    actionXML
#    actionJSON
#    actionDuplicateLineUp
#    actionDuplicateLineDown
#    actionCopyLine
#    actionCutLine
#    actionMoveLineUp
#    actionMoveLineDown
#    actionUpper
#    actionLower
#    actionToggleAllFold
#    actionOpenAllFold
#    actionCloseAllFold
#    actionToggleBookmark
#    actionNextBookmark
#    actionPreviousBookmark
#    actionNextBookmarkCurrent
#    actionPreviousBookmarkCurrent
#    actionCloseCurrentFold
#    actionOpenCurrentFold
#    actionMergeLines
#    actionDeleteLine
#    actionJavascriptMinify
#    actionTitle
#    actionSwap
#    actionIndent
#    actionUnident
#    actionMinimap
#    actionSelectorsPanel
#    actionPython
#    actionShowTabs
#    actionShowTabsSpaces
#    actionShowLineParagraphSeparators
#    actionAddSpaceLineParagraphSeparators
#    actionDistractionFreeMode
#    actionCopyFilePath
#    actionOpenFileLocation
#    actionStatusBar
#    actionCloseAllProjects
#    actionToggleComments
#    actionScss
#    actionRefresh
#    actionQSS
#    actionZoomIn
#    actionZoomOut
#    actionZoomReset
#    actionPrintFile
#    actionPreviewFile
#    actionMenuBar
#    actionSessionManager
#    actionGoToLine
#    menuFile
#    menuNew
#    menuClose
#    menuSave
#    menuRecentFiles
#    menuPrint
#    menuProject
#    menuRecentProjects
#    menuCloseProject
#    menuEdit
#    menuAdvanced
#    menuLineOperations
#    menuCaseConversion
#    menuFold
#    menuBookmarkNavigation
#    menuShowWhitespaces
#    menuFileOperations
#    menuNewFileAndFolders
#    menuViews
#    menuZoom
#    menuCss
#    menuFormat
#    menuCssVersion
#    menuHelp
#    menuOnline_References
#    menuOptions
#    menuSearch
#    menuJavaScript
#    menuExtra
#    menuFlavours 
